.TH CADABRA2 1 "Jan 22, 2019" "" ""
.\"
.\" Man page written by Kasper Peeters <info@cadabra.science>
.\"
.\"	This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"	the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
.\"	(at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"	GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"	along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"	Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\"
.SH NAME
cadabra2 \- field\-theory motivated computer algebra system, 2.x series
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR "cadabra2 [-d] [input file (.cdb)]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Cadabra2
is a computer algebra system for the solution of (quantum) field
theory problems. 

This is the command-line client for the Cadabra2 computer algebra
system for field theory problems. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB \-d\fR
Runs under control of the default debugger. 

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
The following variables toggle various features on or off, depending
on whether the variable is set or not:
.TP 
\fB CADABRA_NO_UNICODE\fR
Do not use UTF8 characters to display greek characters and
mathematical symbols. Instead, use their LaTeX equivalent, so
that the output is pure ASCII.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cadabra2-gtk (1).

See the web page at
.BR "https://cadabra.science/"
for binaries, example calculations and the full manual.
.SH AUTHORS
Kasper Peeters <info@cadabra.science>

